hey there at Stephen Melbourne big bang
and today I'm going to take you take you
through a little course on how to do SEO
for your local business so the first
step of doing some local SEO or doing
SEO at all as understanding which
keywords you're trying to target okay so
keywords are very important if i type in
buy flowers orchids that is a keyword
okay any any search term you type into
google that is a keyword and the cool
thing about keywords and it's very
important to note is like the shorter
and more generic keyword is the more
searches will have over a month but the
more competitive in the more of other
people will be competing with the same
keyword so the let me quickly explain
that so if i am sitting up a flower shop
in auckland ok and i think that my
biggest keyword will be flowers and
that's the key word i'm going to focus
on in auckland alone I believe there's
there's ten thousand searches a month
flowers ok so there's 10,000 people on
google search of hours but that means
every other flower shop you'll also be
competing the flowers in in America
you'll be competing against them as well
because they will also be focusing on
the same keyword flowers so it will be
very very competitive which isn't good
and also if if you have someone
searching flowers do they even know what
they want so if I'm sitting for example
I may be trying to find out what kind of
flowers that are in the world what kind
of flowers turn I can buy what kind of
flowers I can grow you know I might not
actually be wanting to buy flowers so
competing for the key word flawless is
not such a good idea you want to compete
against a keyword is very specific to
you so for example by flowers opened if
you're an Auckland florist by plaza be a
great keyword view the person that
searching it wants to buy flowers and
they're trying to find it in Auckland
and that's the exact keyword Raptor so
there will be less people searching for
that keyword obviously because it's more
specific but they'll also be less
competitions that you won't be competing
it's the guy in America you'll only be
competing against
florists in Auckland that are also
trying to compete against buy flowers
auckland